yeah welcome back it seems that there's
camps for every sport around but how
about a football camp we're learning the
game isn't it really the goal guy
Jackson just loves the game of football
and while he admits he was never a great
player he's always wanted the sport to
be a part of his life I fell in love
with the game when I was about 11 or 12
years old and I just played on the
street just with all the kids and the
way he's kept a part of the game was to
offer beginning football camps for those
kids who might never have the chance to
attend one I've decided in 2007 to start
a free football camp for mentally
disabled children from low-income
families everything from autism to ADHD
to mild retardation to single parent and
no parent while it is a football camp
exercise and character-building are the
most important things what the camp does
for the child is it builds up them
they're there physically
builds them up physically as well as
mentally so why does guy hold these free
football camps the joy that I get out of
out of this camp is winneth a parent
comes to me years later and says hey you
know you can't change my child's life my
child is now in the military the Navy or
the playing high school football or
they're there a model or an actress guy
started his camp back in 2007 with just
six kids last year he had close to 40
it's mental
and that's some time Bey don't miss out
what's your favorite thing about the
football camp I enjoy like after we're
done doing our warm-up our warm-ups and
our drills we just get to have fun it
split into teams play a little game like
big kids and little kids just working
together especially for the little kids
cuz like they get to learn from the
older ones which had like some more
experiment and guys can't forget in May
they run through July starts the kids as
young as four years old